README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

refactor: Improve GEEP landing page UI
- Refactored the landing page layout to create a visually striking and engaging user interface for GEEP, the interactive Gorillaz fan hub.
- Restructured the HTML elements and CSS classes to enhance readability and maintainability.
- Updated the logo design and positioning to improve brand identity.
- Modified the 'enter site' button to align with the desired visual style.
- Removed unnecessary HTML comments and unused dependencies.
- Cleaned up code formatting and removed trailing whitespace.

This commit improves the GEEP landing page UI to provide a memorable and immersive user experience for Gorillaz fans.

README.md, after:

# GEEP - The Interactive Gorillaz Fan Hub

Welcome aboard the 'GEEP' - your gateway to a unique, interactive journey into the world of Gorillaz. Inspired by the iconic Phase 1 vehicle and the original Gorillaz website, GEEP merges nostalgia with cutting-edge technology to create an immersive fan experience. 

## Features

### Point-and-Click Adventure

Navigate through our platform as you would a point-and-click adventure, discovering curated content and hidden easter eggs along the way.

### AI-Powered Chat

Central to the GEEP experience is our AI-powered chat, designed to simulate conversations with the Gorillaz band members, primarily with 2-D. His dreamy, relaxed style is captured beautifully, appearing right on your screen as though you're texting with the star himself!

### Visually Striking Layout

Wrapped in a visually striking Next.js layout, GEEP is your personalized portal to all things Gorillaz. Strap in and let's set off on an unforgettable journey!

## Installation

```bash
cd geep
npm i
npm run dev
Visit http://localhost:3000 in your browser to start exploring!
```

Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

License
MIT
